Because I was in the Cryptologic service I did not do a port call per
se, because most cryptologists don't spend a lot of time at sea. So
I would tell you that it over my career I spent time in San Diego, camp
Pendleton, Washington DC, Pensacola, Florida, several tours at fort
Meade. Overseas I have been places like Hong Kong, Taiwan, Vietnam,
Thailand, London in the UK, Naples, Italy, I stopped once in France.
So quite a few visits to varying places. Another classic port call
because it wasn't because my ship was stopping there but because
I was traveling. I also spent time in Japan Australia, Okinawa Hawaii
been been all over had good times every place